# Meeting Notes

## 2024-01-10 - Project Restructuring and Planning

### Project Structure
- **Discussion**: Identified duplicate files and suboptimal structure for a Figma plugin
- **Decisions**: 
  - Reorganize project following Figma best practices
  - Implement new directory structure
- **Actions Taken**:
  - Created `/src` directory for source files
  - Moved `code.ts` and `ui.html` to `/src`
  - Updated `tsconfig.json` for new structure
  - Modified `manifest.json` to point to new paths

### Documentation
- **Discussion**: Need for clear documentation and best practices
- **Decisions**: 
  - Create comprehensive project documentation
  - Establish coding standards
- **Actions Taken**:
  - Added directory structure section to project overview
  - Documented code organization best practices
  - Removed unnecessary post-commit hook
  - Defined recommended folder structure

### Publication and Monetization
- **Discussion**: Requirements for Figma Community publication and monetization options
- **Decisions**:
  - Prepare necessary assets for publication
  - Evaluate different monetization models
- **Actions Taken**:
  - Created task list for publication materials
  - Outlined monetization strategy options
  - Defined initial feature tiers

### Technical Updates
- **Discussion**: Configuration and maintenance requirements
- **Decisions**: 
  - Update TypeScript configuration
  - Implement proper directory structure
- **Actions Taken**:
  - Updated TypeScript configuration for root output
  - Established directory structure maintenance process
  - Listed technical requirements for licensing system

## 2024-01-13 - Plugin Publication Preparation

### License and Distribution
- **Discussion**: Repository access and contribution management
- **Decisions**:
  - Implement proprietary license
  - Keep repository private
  - Establish contribution process
- **Actions Taken**:
  - Created proprietary license prohibiting forking
  - Set up support email: classaction.figma@gmail.com
  - Documented contribution guidelines

### Documentation and Support
- **Discussion**: Support channels and documentation needs
- **Decisions**:
  - Limit support channels
  - Create public roadmap
  - Simplify documentation
- **Actions Taken**:
  - Established GitHub Issues and email as support channels
  - Removed social media references
  - Created user-focused documentation structure
  - Published public roadmap

### Publication Requirements
- **Discussion**: Remaining tasks for plugin publication
- **Decisions**:
  - Prioritize visual assets creation
  - Focus on user documentation
- **Actions Taken**:
  - Listed required visual assets
  - Outlined documentation requirements
  - Created publication checklist

### Next Steps
- **Discussion**: Final preparations for release
- **Decisions**:
  - Complete visual assets first
  - Verify Figma compliance
- **Actions Taken**:
  - Created timeline for asset completion
  - Started Figma guidelines verification
  - Prepared release checklist

---
*Note: This file will serve as an ongoing record of our discussions and decisions.*
